<h2>LONELY PLANET CANADA 12TH ED.: 12ND EDITION</h2>
Paperback | March 28, 2014<br>

By Karla Lonely Planet, Karla Zimmerman, Celeste Brash<br>

3.7 out of 5 stars. Read reviews.  <br>
Lonely Planet: The world's leading travel guide publisher Lonely Planet Canada is your passport to all the most relevant and up-to-date advice on what to see, what to skip, and what hidden discoveries await you. Experience the grandeur of the Rockies, marvel at the totem pole carvings of the Haida people, or hit the powdery slopes on the outskirts of Vancouver; all with your trusted travel companion. Get to the heart of Canada and begin your journey now! Inside Lonely Planet's Canada Travel Guide: - Color maps and images throughout - Highlights and itineraries show you the simplest way to tailor your trip to your own personal needs and interests - Insider tips save you time and money, and help you get around like a local, avoiding crowds and trouble spots - Essential info at your fingertips - including hours of operation, phone numbers, websites, transit tips, and prices - Honest reviews for all budgets - including eating, sleeping, sight-seeing, going out, shopping, and hidden gems that most guidebooks miss - Cultural insights give you a richer and more rewarding travel experience - including customs, history, aboriginal culture, outdoor activities, road trips & scenic drives, politics, landscapes, wildlife, cuisine, and wine - Free, convenient pull-out Vancouver map (included in print version), plus over 100 maps - Coverage of Vancouver, Ontario, Alberta, British Columbia, Quebec, Toronto, Ottawa, Montreal, Newfoundland, Labrador, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Manitoba, Nunavut, the Yukon territory, Prince Edward Island, and more The Perfect Choice: Lonely Planet Canada, our most comprehensive guide to Canada, is perfect for those planning to both explore the top sights and take the road less traveled. - Looking for a guide focused on Montreal & Quebec City or Vancouver? Check out Lonely Planet's Montreal & Quebec City guide or Vancouver guide for a comprehensive look at what each of these cities has to offer. - Looking for just the highlights of Canada? Check out Lonely Planet's Discover Canada, a photo-rich guide to the country's most popular attractions. Authors: Written and researched by Lonely Planet, Karla Zimmerman, John Lee, Ryan Ver Berkmoes, Sarah Richards, Celeste Brash, Benedict Walker, Andy Symington, Caroline Sieg and Brendan Sainsbury. About Lonely Planet: Started in 1973, Lonely Planet has become the world's leading travel guide publisher with guidebooks to every destination on the planet, as well as an award-winning website, a suite of mobile and digital travel products, and a dedicated traveler community. Lonely Planet's mission is to enable curious travelers to experience the world and to truly get to the heart of the places they find themselves in. TripAdvisor Travelers' Choice Awards 2012 and 2013 winner in Favorite Travel Guide category 'Lonely Planet guides are, quite simply, like no other.' - The New York Times 'Lonely Planet. It's on everyone's bookshelves; it's in every traveller's hands. It's on mobile phones. It's on the Internet. It's everywhere, and it's telling entire generations of people how to travel the world.' -Fairfax Media (Australia)<br><br>